{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16640\viewh13620\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \shad\shadx30\shady-30\shadr0\shado85 \shadc0 PCSX for MacOSX test release 3\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \shad0 by Gil Pedersen (04/01/2005)\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Warning
\f1\b0 : This is a preliminary beta release, and as such there is no guarantee to what effect that software will have on your computer. If you decide to try it anyway have fun :-)\
\
PCSX is a Sony Playstation\'aa emulator that will enable you to play PS-One games on your Macintosh running Mac OS X 10.2 or newer. \
\

\f0\b Getting started
\f1\b0 \
Pop a Playstation CD in your computer and hit Command-R (File->Run CD).\
\

\f0\b Controls
\f1\b0 \
PCSX comes with a default set of controls for single player keyboard operation. The mappings can be found by going to the 
\f2\i Preferences\'c9
\f1\i0  and select the 
\f2\i Plugins
\f1\i0  tab. Then press the 
\f2\i Configuration
\f1\i0  button for the ASimpleInput Controller plugin. If you're interested in custom mappings and gamepad / 2-player functionality then you need to select the HID Input plugin in the Controller popup box, which will need to be manually configured.\
\

\f0\b Playstation BIOS
\f1\b0 \
For optimal compatibility an original Playstation BIOS file is required and currently it is not recommended to run the emulator without one. BIOS dumps are available various places on the Internet in case you don't have the required equipment to dump it yourself. The preferred BIOS is 
\f3 SCPH1000, but most others should work
\f1 . Note: The BIOS is copyright protected by SONY\'aa and as such it's not legal to be in possesion of it unless you own an actual Playstation. Of further legal note, the freeze saves for PCSX will contain a copy of the BIOS data if you're using such, and is thus of questionable legality to distribute.\
\

\f0\b Memory Card
\f1\b0 \
PCSX will automatically create 2 memory card saves for you the first time it is run. Currently there is no way to configure which memory card files to use, but you can manually replace the files in \
~/Library/Application Support/Pcsx/
\f3 Memory Cards/\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 PCSX will accept any format memory card, including CVGS and dexdrive cards.\
\
If you are using an original PSX BIOS you can even try to boot it and use the native playstation memory card interface using 
\f2\i Cmd-Shift-R
\f1\i0 . It only works without a CD in the drive off course and apparently only with a limited set of BIOS versions.\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Known bugs\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0  \'a5 Using the HLE bios can make the emulator more crash prone!\
 \'a5 No cd audio sound output\
 \'a5 Changing some configuration options while the emulator is running might make it unstable and crash\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Homepage
\f1\b0 \
http://home.macvaerk.dtu.dk/~gil/pcsx/\
\

\f0\b Contact
\f1\b0 \
Gil Pedersen <pcsx@macvaerk.dtu.dk>\
}